https://codepen.io/JenniV2020/pen/eYNywbO?editors=1100

<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
       tags that provide meaning to your content. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        html is the code used as the bare-bones or framing of the web page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        an attribute provides additional information about an element and are placed inside the openning tag 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        the h1 tag is used for the main heading or most important heading on the page and should be used only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        the anchor tag and the img tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        the head tag and metadata 
    7. What is an id? 
        an id is an attribute that targets one specific element
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
        id can be added to any html element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        only once 
    10. What is a class?
        a class is an attribute used to target one or more elements 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        class can be added to any html element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        technically there is no limit to how many uses on a page 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        by adding a target=" blank" attribute to your link
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
        it provides an alternate text for an image 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        with the #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        div is only generic and will not hurt the semantic structure, but section has a semantic purpose
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        it is used to give specific style to a web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        use the tag name and {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        a class can target multiple elements on a page but an id is used for only one specific element. EX: if I want all of my header text to be a uniform font, size, and/or color, I can give every header a class named"style1". But if I just want one header to differ from all the others, I would apply an id attribute named "specialHead" or something like it.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        with the .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        it selects elements that are a direct child of the specific element. it is useful when there is data that changes frequently on a web page.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        it is a class selector that are used to target an element that can't be targeted by a simple class, id selector.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing and either px values or em values
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        uppercase, lowercase, and capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        with the *{} 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        use the // before the text
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        pwd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        git rm -r but once a file is removed, you cannot recover it.
    34. Why should I use version control?
        so that several members of a team can modify a repo at the same time without creating confusion or a mess 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        commit approx every 20 minutes or so
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push -u origin branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        1. fork the repo 2. invite a collaborator 3. clone the repo into your files 4. create your branch to work in 5. add, commit, and push changes to the hub 6. open a pull request 7. submit the pull request to your TL 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
